[Daniel] Cobra Kai
has taken over the Valley.
[suspenseful music plays]
All that anyone knows now
is Cobra Kai karate.
Terry Silver's karate.
[suspenseful music continues]
[Amanda] New dojos. New senseis.
We may be back in the fight,
but Cobra Kai never left it.
[suspenseful music continues]
[Johnny] If this continues,
all that we fought for
won't even be a memory.
[suspenseful music continues]
[Chozen] Snake grows larger every day.
-What?
-[Chozen] Swallow everything in its path.
-[grunting]
-[Johnny] Something's cooking over there.
We have to make our move now.
[grunting]
[Johnny] If we don't, every kid in
the Valley is gonna be forced to choose.
[suspenseful music continues]
[Daniel] Side with Cobra Kai…
Grand opening of our new location.
You should come check it out.
[Daniel] …or feel the pain.
You dropped something.
[suspenseful music intensifies]
[Anthony yells]
[indistinct shouting]
[Anthony] No! Agh!
[dramatic music plays]
[toilet flushes]
[dramatic music continues]
[music fades]
[Daniel] Another location just opened
in Toluca Lake.
-Silver's dividing and conquering.
-All we gotta do is get our hands dirty.
Pull some skeletons out of his closet.
Know any of his old friends?
[sighs] We've gone down that road.
It, um, didn't go well.
We have to do something. He's got
the damn Valley in a stranglehold.
Silver thinking beyond Valley.
Whatever he's got up his sleeve,
he's keeping it very quiet.
Well, there is… someone who may know.
Someone who knows Silver best?
You're not talking about
who I think you are?
Don't even say it.
To beat a monster,
maybe we need a monster.
I can be monster.
Oh, I bet you'd make a great monster.
But in this case,
only one monster fits the bill.
No. Kreese is locked up.
Hopefully, in a deep dark hole.
I have no interest in crawling into it.
We wouldn't be having this conversation
if we weren't desperate.
Kreese might be our best weapon
if he's pointed in the right direction.
[door opens]
Do any of you work here?
I'd like to buy a car
if it's not inconvenient.
-These guys work here.
-Uh, yeah, you wanna…
-Yep.
-Thank you, honey.
[tranquil music plays]
[Anthony] I don't know about this.
Kenny's been training
a lot longer than me.
-I don't think I can catch up.
-I know you're still upset.
-Kids are calling me shithead.
-We're all dealing with Cobra Kai.
You're not alone.
So, you and Sam back in the dojo.
Game on, right?
Yeah, game on for karate.
Come on. I see you staring at her.
I thought you decided
to keep things platonic?
Yeah, well, she did. He didn't.
Well, uh, you know what they say,
"Put a box of matches
near some fireworks, soon enough…"
[imitates explosion] "Sparks will fly."
Is that what they say?
Something tells me
it's about to be the Fourth of July.
Can't believe that piece of shit's
on our team.
All right. Relax. Okay?
He wants exactly what we want.
Gonna be okay.
[whistles]
[Chozen] Line up!
[speaks Japanese]
[tense music plays]
So where are my dad and Johnny?
Not here.
Today, you train with me.
[speaks Japanese]
Attention.
Bow.
Cobra Kai gaining ground.
We must prepare.
Come.
This is gonna be badass.
Check out that throwing knife.
Now, we learn about Yanbaru Kuina.
What is that?
Like, some top-secret karate move?
Like a throat rip? [imitates choking]
No. It is bird.
In English called Okinawa rail.
Endangered.
Cannot fly.
Hence, endangered.
So these are the real eggs?
No. Trader Joe's. $3.29.
Take egg.
[tense music plays]
So what do we do with them?
Yanbaru Kuina must protect egg.
From Kume Shima habu. Poison snake.
You must do same.
Begin your preparation.
What are we protecting them from?
From me.
[yells]
[speaks Japanese]
[tense music plays]
Go! Go!
[boy] What's gotten hold of him?
[breathing heavily]
They're really pushing us hard lately.
Seems like we're getting ready
to fight, but
who are we fighting?
[sighs]
Still don't want me here, huh? Why are you
so dead set on freezing me out?
This place is dangerous.
You shouldn't be here.
Are you that scared
of a little competition?
Can't handle the idea of someone
coming after the Queen Cobra's crown?
[tense music plays]
[scoffs]
[tense music continues]
[Kenny grunts quietly]
Hey, slow down, man.
You're making us all look bad. Come on.
Oh. Sorry.
There you go.
Hey, just remember,
I'm number one around here.
You just play your cards right,
you'll be deuces.
[Silver] The only thing
better than a full dojo
is a whole valley of full dojos.
The quantity means little.
For where we go next, we need leaders.
Miss Nichols is a clear leader.
Wouldn't you agree?
She is your best student.
But as a leader,
there is room for improvement.
And she is only one piece of the puzzle.
We must discover
who else can rise to the occasion.
And how do you suggest we do that?
Give them some real competition.
The leaders will rise
or they will crumble.
Oh, I like that.
Yeah.
[Johnny sighs] Can't believe
we're doing this.
You think I wanna be here?
But Amanda's right.
If anyone knows
what Silver's up to, it's Kreese.
Hopefully, this place
has taken him down a few pegs.
Maybe he's ready to talk.
Sure he's had a rude awakening.
Old man in a place like this.
I almost feel sorry for him.
I don't.
I said almost.
[tense music plays]
Hey. So can I, uh,
get you a soda or something?
Maybe something from the vending machines.
We got corn nuts.
-Scram.
-Yes, sir. Sorry, sensei.
[tense music continues]
What the hell is he doing here?
You should be thanking me
for getting you out of your cell.
I don't wanna talk to him.
I wanna talk to you.
Yeah, well,
I don't really wanna talk to you.
Told you this was a dumb idea.
I know there's a lot of bad blood here,
but the fact is, we have a common enemy.
Silver's planning something,
and we need to figure out what it is.
He doesn't know jack shit.
He's been caged up in here the whole time.
I know exactly what Terry's planning.
But if you think I'm gonna help you,
then you two don't know jack shit.
I see many little birds
spread in wind!
Many dead eggs.
[tense music plays]
What are you doing?
This is what birds do to protect eggs.
It's nature's rule, not mine.
You can stay low. I'm going high.
Put it behind your back.
Leaves your hands free to defend.
But I don't know how to use my hands yet.
-Dad didn't teach you wax-on-wax-off?
-Actually, I paid a guy to wash the cars.
It-It doesn't matter.
I'm starting from square zero.
Well, think of it this way.
You used your mind to outwit the obstacle.
[Robby] That's what Miyagi-Do's about.
-Hey.
Déjà vu having you back here.
Like what you've done. How many times
did your dad make you sand that deck?
Zero, actually.
-'Cause your dad brought a power sander.
-[Robby laughs]
Ah, sounds like him.
[Sam laughs]
Look at him trying to move in on her.
If you want, I'll kick his ass.
No, you don't need to do that.
Robby and I are cool now.
Besides, I'm pretty sure
they're just, uh, catching up.
[Chozen whistles]
Looks like the Hunger Games have begun.
Luckily, I have eggs-ecuted
the perfect plan.
When I win,
everyone will have egg on their face.
-They'll be shell-shocked. The yolk will--
-We get it. What's your plan?
I'm glad you asked.
I have created a protective covering.
I made it out of my college prep book
for blunt force impact,
and I tied the whole thing together
with an old spool of dental floss
and… my left shoelace.
Yep. It's pretty durable.
[Chozen grunts]
Bird love to hear himself sing.
You sing lonely song.
And now… you are dead.
[Silver] The world is made
of two kinds of people.
Leaders and followers.
Cobra Kai,
like a military unit,
needs both to function successfully.
So… we're gonna divide you up into pairs.
The goal of each pair is to score a point
against an opponent who outmatches you.
Only strong leadership
will allow you to prevail.
Sensei Kim will take the girls.
Boys, you'll stay here
and spar with Sensei Odell.
All right. Split up.
[tense music plays]
Let's get this started.
Our first pair,
a leader and a follower…
Mr. Park, Mr. Payne.
Sir.
Face each other.
Attention. [speaks Korean]
Bow. [speaks Korean] Fighting stance.
Begin.
[Kyler] You want any of this?
All right, little man, you're gonna
go right. Swing when I tell you, okay?
-Swing. Go, go, go!
-[grunting]
[Kenny groans]
Just listen to me, man. I got your back.
But you gotta get in there.
Okay, go low. Aim for his shins.
-[grunting]
-[Kyler groans]
Yo, man. Protect your king!
What are you doing?
Know your role. Stay in your lane.
Come on. We got this.
All right. Enough. Off the mat.
-Damn! We had that shit.
-You didn't do anything. Let me do all--
Sit down.
Next pair.
Lee.
Yes, Sensei.
-Nichols.
-Yes, Sensei.
[tense music plays]
Fighting stance.
-Ais!
[grunting]
Hey, what are you doing?
We work together. Listen to me.
Now you wanna work together?
Stay out of my way. I can get her.
[grunting]
[Devon groans]
[tense music continues]
Go to your left.
[grunting]
[groaning]
[Devon groans]
What was that sound?
Was that pain?
Pain does not exist.
Get off the mat.
Look, if you know what Silver's planning,
why not tell us so we can stop him?
As if you even could.
You've already failed
even after I gave you a lead.
The newspaper clipping.
I should have known it was you.
-Who helped you get that to my house?
-I got my ways.
Well, following it led me into a trap.
Silver blindsided me.
Well, that wasn't my plan.
But it was a nice consolation prize.
Now you know why you can't trust him.
We should leave him here where he belongs.
I don't belong here. I'm innocent.
I'm here because Terry
was tight with the DA
and I couldn't afford a real attorney.
Oh, please.
What if I could help get you out?
Silver isn't the only one with resources.
I can get a lawyer.
Someone who could help get you out,
or, at the very least, a reduced sentence.
If that's true…
then maybe I would tell you what I know.
But I want a top guy,
not one of your greasy cousins.
-You're gonna help him get out of here?
-Johnny.
It's worth the sacrifice.
It's the only way.
I could call my lawyer right now.
Right now.
We got a deal or not?
[suspenseful music plays]
Deal.
[suspenseful music crescendos]
[tense music plays]
-[Chozen snarls]
-Oh God! Come on, please. No.
Oh shit!
[groaning]
[Chozen] Birds of feather
must flock together.
Welcome to the party.
[tense music continues]
No! No, no!
[laughs]
[tense music continues]
[tense music intensifies]
[grunts]
You want my egg, huh?
Want a piece of the champ?
Come get it, old man.
[tense music continues]
Oh no.
[Chozen grunts]
-[Chozen yells]
-[Anthony gasps]
I-I give up. I-I give up, I give up.
[Chozen sighs]
-How'd he take you out?
-Shut up. Don't talk to me.
If this is about the mohawk, I'm sorry.
Anybody knows how Cobra Kai
can turn you into an asshole, it's you.
So I'm an asshole?
Yeah, well, let's see.
Uh, you attacked me and Sam at the mall.
Y-You broke Demetri's arm.
Y-You trashed this entire dojo.
Guys! Enough! Enough! All right?
You're both ex-assholes now. Great.
Can we focus on the issue at hand?
There is a madman out there
using weapons on us.
Who's even left?
[tense drumroll]
[tense music plays]
Wait!
Oh God. It's just you.
It's just me.
[exhales] Sorry. Um, I think…
I think we're the last two left.
-Guess so.
-Where's your egg?
Uh…
It's in my pocket. [chuckles]
That doesn't seem like the safest place.
Yeah.
Uh, so, you're back in karate?
I'm just as surprised as you are.
I think I just needed to remember
what these lessons are really for.
I'm finally starting
to feel balanced again.
That's, uh…
That's great. I'm happy for you.
I'm not gonna lie, at first it was
a little weird, the friends thing, but,
you know, we have
so many other things going on.
There's no need for extra complications.
I think us not being together helped
Robby and I get along for once, so thanks.
-I'm glad to hear that.
-[Chozen yells]
[Miguel] What? [groans]
[Sam breathes heavily]
[sighs]
If you want that last egg,
you're gonna have to go through me.
[tense music plays]
-This egg?
-What?
[sighs]
One bird in hand…
helpless.
[Chozen sighs]
[grunting]
Come on, man. Dude, block his left. Okay?
[Odell yells]
You're the tip of my spear!
You gotta give me an opening.
-An opening?
-Do I have to do everything?
All you've been doing
is sending me in to get pulverized!
You know what? Screw this, man.
I'm done being a punching bag.
I got a defective follower!
Hey, this shit is mutiny!
[Silver] Payne!
My office. Now.
[sighs]
Kenny, Kenny, Kenny…
Sit down.
Your father, he's in the army, right?
I bet he's a strong leader.
Someone you listen to.
What happened after he was deployed?
Who filled that role?
My brother was the leader
of the house until…
Right, right.
The one in juvie.
And after he went in, who did you follow?
Robby Keene.
And now you're following Mr. Park.
Isn't that the point of the exercise?
I spent a lot of my life
listening to others.
My father.
My captain.
My best friend.
-Sensei Kreese.
-[Silver] Yes.
But it was only
after I listened to my own instincts
that I reached my potential.
I've seen the best fighters in the Valley.
Keene.
Moskowitz.
Diaz.
I believe you have
more potential than any of 'em.
If you're ready to be a leader.
Okay. Look, I hear you.
Okay? But the exercise…
-You said Kyler was the leader.
-Did I?
Or did you assume that?
[exhales] So what do you want me to do?
I want you to stop asking me
or anyone else that question.
[exhales]
[ominous music crescendos]
You want some Jell-O?
-Gabriel.
-[Gabriel] Yes, Sensei.
I don't want anything from you.
Do you really want
to end Cobra Kai, Johnny?
Cobra Kai is not the problem.
It's Silver.
You're just as bad.
Everything I did was for you.
LaRusso and Miyagi,
they took away our chance in '84.
Your chance.
But there's still a way
you can get Cobra Kai back.
Carry on the legacy.
You mean your legacy.
Don't try to sell me some fairy tale.
You wanna know why I'm in this fight?
So I can erase everything you did.
And every mark you left.
Every memory of you.
[door buzzes]
[Daniel] I spoke to my lawyer.
He's willing to help you out.
Here's his number.
First, you got to hold up your end.
Tell us what Silver's up to.
[Kreese sighs]
Okay.
You are not good Yanbaru Kuina.
Snakes will take you down
one by one.
I have tried to tell you what you must do.
But you do not listen.
You must learn to adapt.
Or soon,
you will be extinct.
Take new eggs.
Try again.
[tense music plays]
Sensei Toguchi's real cryptic,
like Mr. LaRusso,
but aggressive like Sensei Lawrence.
It's like the hardest part of both styles.
Can't wait to get our asses kicked again.
Uh, no. No, um…
G-Guys, uh, wait.
He said that the snakes
will take us down one by one.
Right? Just like
he took us down one by one, but…
But what if we weren't a bunch of ones?
Like, what if we were…
-Together.
-Yeah, exactly.
Like, um, a raiding party
in Dungeon Lords.
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Even if you're a level 85, you can't mount
an attack on the grand realm alone.
You need a team.
Everybody has a special role.
The only way we win
is if we work together. As one.
[hopeful music plays]
[tense drumroll]
So we're sure we want
to put all our eggs in one basket?
You're specifically
not supposed to do that.
This is gonna work.
[piercing whistle]
-Oh no, oh no. Oh God.
-Get it together, penis breath.
Has anyone seen him yet?
[tense music plays]
Oh shit.
[dramatic music plays]
[yells]
Ready!
[dramatic music continues]
[grunting]
Grab the bō!
Get the bō. Get it, get it!
-Get him, get him!
-[Hawk] Come on!
[dramatic music continues]
[Chozen grunts]
[Sam grunts]
[grunting]
[Chozen grunts]
[dramatic music fades]
[tense music plays]
[grunting]
[tense music continues]
Snake concede.
Dude, it worked!
[cheering]
[triumphant music plays]
This is what we have
that Cobra Kai does not.
Their movement mile wide,
but only inch deep.
But our movement,
inch wide, but mile deep.
Now that you have learned
to work together,
I will teach you
how to master your defense.
Yoshi! Kiotsuke!
Hai.
[grunting]
[Kim scoffs]
Will no one rise to the occasion?
[tense music plays]
You really wanna get back in there?
After we just got our asses kicked?
I'm not afraid of getting my ass kicked
if that's what it takes to get better.
-If we do this, you have to listen to me.
-I've been trying to since I got here.
We're here to fight. Not gossip.
Dominance requires sacrifice. [scoffs]
You would not last one minute
in my dojang back home.
Will no one accept the challenge?
[tense music continues]
We will.
-Fighting stance.
-[both] Ais!
[dramatic music plays]
Go left.
[grunting]
[Devon groans]
[dramatic music continues]
[grunting]
[dramatic music fades]
If you had sacrificed your pawn,
you might have scored that point.
-There are no points in the real world.
-But there are in this exercise.
So you lose.
So close.
-You could have let her get me.
-Wouldn't be a very good leader if I did.
Ready to try again, Mr. Payne?
Mr. Park.
A new strategy perhaps?
I don't know, Sensei.
I might need a new follower.
We'll see for ourselves. Line up.
All right.
[Silver] Fighting stance.
Begin.
-Just follow me--
-No.
What did you say?
We need a change in leadership.
[laughs] You think you can do better?
Yeah, watch me.
Oh yeah?
[Kenny grunts]
Gonna come for the king?
You better not miss.
[Kenny grunts]
Come here.
-All right, enough!
-[Kenny grunts]
[dramatic music crescendos]
-Point.
-Winner.
[Kreese] I remember when Terry Silver
was a skinny little kid,
loaded with fear.
Sort of like the way you were.
Cobra Kai's given him a strength
he didn't even know he had.
He became obsessed.
And he paid for a trip
for us to go back East.
To where the Way of the Fist
first started.
So we could learn from the source himself.
Master Kim Sun-Yung.
[grunting]
[in Korean] Strike!
[grunts]
Again!
[in English] Good hit, Johnny. Good hit.
[grunting]
-[grunting]
-[girl gasps]
[vase cracks]
Sorry, Master Kim. My fault.
[in Korean] Again!
[laughs]
[in English] Nice ascot.
I guess business really is booming, huh?
I wanted to talk to you about that.
Well, if you're offering me a board seat,
I'll pass. My focus is on the dojo.
I know.
That's why I bought it for you.
Terry, I…
[Kreese chuckles]
Thank you.
I'll still pay rent. I-I insist.
Don't thank me.
You deserve it.
Cobra Kai is the best dojo in the Valley.
But you can do better than the Valley.
Remember the first time
you told me about the All Valley?
I'm about to do you one better.
It's called the Sekai Taikai.
The top karate tournament in the world.
Barely anyone back in the States
has heard of it.
But with the resources I have now,
we could make this
the Super Bowl of karate.
If we win, Cobra Kai will be everywhere.
Our way will be the way.
[chuckles]
I love that you're thinking big, Terry.
I really do.
But I have to say
no.
But, Johnny--
We aren't ready.
Maybe one day we will be.
Right now, I need to focus on my students.
In fact, there's this, uh… [chuckles]
There's this new kid
I got a feeling about, Terry.
I think he could be our best ever.
He even has the same name as me.
I'll follow your lead, Johnny.
But if you change your mind, need help,
I'll be here for you.
[older Kreese] Silver listened to me
back then. So we didn't expand.
-I wanted to focus on you.
-Don't make this about me.
Hold on. What are you saying?
Silver's gonna enter another tournament?
Not just another tournament.
The biggest tournament in the world.
And if he wins…
Cobra Kai goes global.
[ominous music plays]
[Kreese] Silver has taken the Valley.
Now he's putting together the pieces
to take everything else.
You may have found the will to fight,
but you're outmatched and outnumbered.
Silver is on the verge
of getting what he's always wanted.
[ominous music continues]
Well, I think I've held up
my end of the deal.
The lawyer's number?
[tense music plays]
[dramatic music plays]
You actually think you're gonna be able
to take him down without me?
He's gonna make mincemeat out of you.
We'll see about that.
Enjoy rotting in your cell.
[dramatic music plays]
[theme music plays]